hey how's it going Dave 2d here so Asus
just announced a whole bunch of new
gaming hardware they have a whole bunch
of laptops but the two laptops of
interest to me are these right here this
is the rog mothership and this is the RG
Zephyr so the mothership is the
completely brand new design brand new
just concept for what portable computing
portable gaming can be this is a device
that is I just you know what words don't
describe this thing proper you just have
to see how this thing works instead of a
traditional clamshell right so that's
how normal laptops work you open up at
the front it's got a screen keyboard
that's like your regular stuff this
opens in a completely bonkers way it's
almost like an all-in-one you lift it up
you put it forward and a kickstand
appears and then the keyboard detaches
now this keyboard can be used wirelessly
or wired if it's wireless it uses 2.4
gigahertz radio frequency if it's wired
it's a regular use PC connection so the
keystroke has a lot of travels two point
four millimeters it doesn't feel like a
regular mechanical keyboard anything
like that it's still distinctly a laptop
type keyboard but it's a very tactile
keyboard and it also has the trackpad on
the right which we've seen on Zephyrs
devices I don't love the position of
track pads on the right but the way
they've designed this thing is it kind
of required it now the purpose of this
the purpose of separating the keyboard
in this kind of bizarre all-in-one style
look to this portable device is for
thermals so this thing has the
motherboard the CPU the GPU and all the
components on the back of the screen and
by positioning it there they're able to
vent out the heat directly at the top
and the sides of the device and they're
drawing and cool air from behind the
screen so you get this very impressive
thermal solution so this thing was
running a GTX 20/80 and that's like the
full fat like not max-q version it's the
most powerful GPU that have seen from
Nvidia this year and it's running on a
17-inch 144 Hertz screen that's g-sync
enabled now a product like the rog
mothership is obviously not for everyone
right not even most gamers are gonna
want something like this it's gonna be
super expensive I know exact pricing at
this point in time but looking at this
engineering sample it looks really well
built now I can't run benchmarks on
either of these units Nvidia won't let
me at the time of filming but the
mothership is supposed to rival the
performance of most gaming desktop
out there it's not super portable it's
roughly ten pounds it's definitely
heavier than most gaming laptops out
there but it's incredibly powerful and
it's portable like it's like you can
obviously carry this thing around if you
want to it's well-built looks good and
that's the rog mothership the other
device here the Zephyrs s is the GX 7:01
so we've seen a bunch of these devices
on my channel it's like the super thin
it's actually the thinnest gaming laptop
on the market but they've been able to
stick a 17 inch screen on to the 15 inch
chassis and the way they did this was by
having super thin bezels but in addition
to having super thin bezels it also does
not have a webcam and I think this is
something that I don't know if every
gaming company should do this but
because this is a device that's clearly
geared for gaming I'm cool with it not
having a webcam now they include a
webcam it's an external one you can
mount it on the screen or put it beside
you but the fact that it doesn't have a
webcam gives it this really clean ultra
thin doesn't I think this is a really
nice looking laptop to have a 17 inch
screen on a 15 inch footprint like it
just makes sense they've also added a
volume rocker this year just above the
WASD keys and it's something that not a
lot of gaming laptops have but every
time I've seen them I've enjoyed using
them basically if you've ever played a
game and you just want to like hear
something a little bit more clearly like
if you know something's coming or you
want to like crank up chat or something
just on-the-fly volume control without
interfering with your gaming experience
the rest of the device hasn't really
changed though I've always enjoyed the
shape of this thing I've always enjoyed
the aesthetics of it still has that lift
mechanism to increase air flow for the
internals but that's basically it
mothership and Zephyr assess this
thing's a beast man I feel like this is
like I don't know if this is gonna
develop into like other laptop designs
and other kind of product categories but
this is really cool the amount of power
that you can have in something that's
this portable is impressive also didn't
mention earlier the speakers up front
they sound awesome they're for huge
speakers right up the front blasting
right to the user
it's a pretty cool design okay that
wraps it up hope you guys enjoy this
video thumbs if you liked it subs - see
you guys next time
[Music]